URL https://studentprivacy.ed.gov/faq/which-educational-agencies-or-institutions-does-ferpa-apply
HTTP 200
ACCESSED 2026-09-14
To which educational agencies or institutions does FERPA apply? | Protecting Student Privacy Skip to main content Protecting Student Privacy U.S. Department of Education A Service of the Student Privacy Policy Office’s Privacy Technical Assistance Center Toggle navigation Search Search Search Search Resources Resources Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment (PPRA) Annual Notices COVID-19 Resources Guidance Legal Basics Security Best Practices Glossary Letters of Importance Historical Archive of Issued Letters Training Online Training Modules Videos Webinars Data Breach Scenario Trainings Browse by Audience Browse By Audience K-12 School Officials Parents and Students Postsecondary School Officials Early Childhood Educators Vendors Researchers FAQs ESPAÑOL About Contact Contact Ask a Question Subscribe to the Student Privacy Newsletter Request PTAC Training or Technical Assistance File a Complaint Acerca de Contacto Haga una pregunta Suscríbase al boletín de privacidad del estudiante Solicite capacitación o asistencia técnica del PTAC Presente una Denuncia Mobile complaint link File a Complaint To which educational agencies or institutions does FERPA apply? FERPA applies to educational agencies or institutions that receive funds from programs administered by the U.S. Department of Education.  By “educational agencies or institutions” we mean public schools, school districts (or “local educational agencies” (LEAs)), and postsecondary institutions, such as colleges and universities.  Private and parochial schools at the elementary and secondary level generally do not receive such funding and are, therefore, not subject to FERPA. Audience Parents and Students K-12 School Officials Postsecondary School Officials Topics FERPA Featured Resources A Parent Guide to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act or FERPA provides certain rights for parents regarding their children’s education records. This guide provides general information on a parent’s rights under FERPA. An Eligible Student Guide to the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act or FERPA provides certain rights for parents regarding their children’s education records. When a student reaches 18 years of age or attends an institution of postsecondary education at any age, the student becomes an “eligible student,” and all rights under FERPA transfer from the parent to the student. This guide provides general information on an eligible student’s rights under FERPA. Protection of Pupil Rights Amendment (PPRA) General Guidance This guidance document reviews parents’ rights under the PPRA and education officials’ obligations in implementing the PPRA.  The PPRA applies to the programs and activities of a State educational agency (SEA), local educational agency (LEA), or other recipient of funds under any program funded by the U.S. Department of Education. (20 U.S.C. § 1232h, 34 CFR Part 98) SPPO-21-01 Resources Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) Legal Basics Security Best Practices Glossary Letters of Importance Historic Findings Letters Training Online Training Modules Guidance Videos Recorded Webinars Browse by Audience School Officials K-12 Parents & Students Postsecondary School Officials Early Childhood Educators Vendors Researchers Other FAQs Legal Basics Contact Subscribe to the Student Privacy Newsletter Request PTAC Training or Technical Assistance Privacy Policy