Daycare Attendance App with Contactless Check-In | Lillio
Solutions
Center management
Simplify center operations and streamline managing and growing a quality early childhood program.
Curriculum
Get ready-to-use, developmentally appropriate lesson plans aligned to standards across North America.
Family engagement
Connect with parents and keep them informed about their child's day!
Billing & payments
Make billing easy and stop chasing parents for payments.
Professional development
Research-based online professional development courses for educators.
Users
Owners and directors
Everything you need to build a high-quality program, all in one place.
Educators
More meaningful interactions with children and families.
Families
Get updates about your child’s day and pay tuition from anywhere.
Resources
Lillio Webinars
Join us for interactive live webinars.
Lillio Activities
Explore preschool and daycare activities your classroom will love!
Customer Stories
Learn how our customers are growing their centers with Lillio.
Early Learning Blog
Find articles for ECE tips, tricks and best practices.
Industry Snapshot Report
E-books
Preschool Podcast
Printable Templates
How to Start a Daycare
See All Resources ➜
About
About Lillio (formerly HiMama)
Learn about what makes Lillio special.
Careers
Accelerate your career while making a difference! Browse our open roles.
Contact Us
Get in touch with our team. We’d love to hear from you.
Press
Want to share the HiMama story? Find our press kit here.
Download
Find our app in the App Store and Google Play Store
Support Center
Looking for support? We have hundreds of articles to help you out!
Pricing
Log In
Request a Demo
Skip to Content
Daycare Attendance App with Contactless Check-In
Make drop-off and pickup a breeze with this easy to use attendance app – now available entirely contactless! Our childcare sign in and out app will make the attendance process much easier, no paper or pen required.
Request a demo
Manage Your Center Attendance With a Click of a Button
Go Paperless
Every check-in and check-out is automatically recorded for you –making billing, reporting and maintaining classroom ratios a breeze.
Easy Ratios and Reports
Every sign in and out will automatically be recorded making billing, reporting and maintaining classroom ratios a breeze.
Safe Drop Off & Pickup
Use contactless check-in, record temperatures, and even get notifications when parents arrive for pick up. Optionally gather digital parent signatures.
Spend Less Time On Paperwork and More Time Where It Really Matters
93% of customers say they save time on reporting by using HiMama's app for check in, attendance and more
Start Now
Play Video
The Favorite Attendance Tracking App For Teachers and Directors AND Parents!
Teachers:
Check in kids one at a time, or multiple children at once. At pickup time, no need to keep an eye on the door! Parents can send a notification when they’re ready to pick up their child, so you can focus your attention on the kiddos and prepare children to leave in order of pickup time.
Directors:
Get real time updates of attendance levels and the ratio of children per teacher. You’ll be able to act quickly when your center is overstaffed or understaffed, saving you money and helping you maintain state regulations.
Families
can see that their children are signed in through their own private portal. At the end of the day, parents can mark their child “Ready for Pickup” right from the HiMama app. They can add their signature and hit Confirm, all without leaving the parking lot.
No Wi-Fi? No Problem!
Take attendance on the daycare check in app even if your device is not connected to the internet. The system will automatically time stamp when you check in each child. Once the device is connected back to wifi, you can reload the attendance page and the children will be marked as checked in!
Say Goodbye to Check in Sheets!
Tracking attendance with our daycare sign in and out app makes your billing and reporting much easier. Collect pick up and drop off times, as well as initials and signatures, if required. Need a physical copy of the report? No problem, you can print individual attendance records from a desktop or laptop.
Start Now
Follow Us
Instagram
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube
Solutions
Owners & Directors
Parents
Educators
Enterprise
Home Daycare
Resources
Download
Customer Stories
Frameworks
Associations
Free Templates
Company
Lillio Helps Webinar
Preschool Podcast
ECE Blog
About Us
Careers
Press
Accessibility
Support
Internet Safety
FAQ
Contact Us
Support Center
Vulnerability Reporting
Sitemap
Accessibility
Contact Sales
Toll Free
North America
1-800-905-1876
Direct Support Line
1-844-975-1275
Request A Call
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms
Copyright ©2013-2026 Lillio.
Cookie preferences