FAQ's | Lillio
Solutions
Center management
Simplify center operations and streamline managing and growing a quality early childhood program.
Curriculum
Get ready-to-use, developmentally appropriate lesson plans aligned to standards across North America.
Family engagement
Connect with parents and keep them informed about their child's day!
Billing & payments
Make billing easy and stop chasing parents for payments.
Professional development
Research-based online professional development courses for educators.
Users
Owners and directors
Everything you need to build a high-quality program, all in one place.
Educators
More meaningful interactions with children and families.
Families
Get updates about your child’s day and pay tuition from anywhere.
Resources
Lillio Webinars
Join us for interactive live webinars.
Lillio Activities
Explore preschool and daycare activities your classroom will love!
Customer Stories
Learn how our customers are growing their centers with Lillio.
Early Learning Blog
Find articles for ECE tips, tricks and best practices.
Industry Snapshot Report
E-books
Preschool Podcast
Printable Templates
How to Start a Daycare
See All Resources ➜
About
About Lillio (formerly HiMama)
Learn about what makes Lillio special.
Careers
Accelerate your career while making a difference! Browse our open roles.
Contact Us
Get in touch with our team. We’d love to hear from you.
Press
Want to share the HiMama story? Find our press kit here.
Download
Find our app in the App Store and Google Play Store
Support Center
Looking for support? We have hundreds of articles to help you out!
Pricing
Log In
Request a Demo
Skip to Content
Frequently Asked Questions
Childcare Centers
How do I download the Lillio app for teachers & directors?
Lillio is highly customizable and pricing may vary depending on your center needs and size. Request a quote below and we will provide you with pricing and a customized solution for your needs:
Request a demo
This Lillio thing sounds great, but can I afford to get on board?
You can’t afford not to! For most programs, the savings on printing costs alone pay for both Lillio and tablets. You will experience significant time savings with classroom documentation and parent communications, and occupancy rates will improve with this unique offering. But don’t trust us, see what
Lillio child care programs
and
Lillio parents
say!
What do I need to get started with Lillio?
All you need is a wireless internet connection and a tablet for each room. We’ll take care of the rest!
Does Lillio provide customer support?
Yes! Not only do we provide support, but we provide AMAZING customer service. When you join Lillio you become part of our community, which means we take care of you.
Contact us
and we’ll be happy to chat with you!
What if my families have questions about Lillio?
Families are super important to you and they’re super important to Lillio. That’s why they get the same golden treatment that you get. And we’re not just talking about parents and guardians. We’ll help Aunt Margaret and Grandpa Smith too!
What types of hardware does the Lillio program work on?
Lillio works on all tablets, your home or office computer or laptop, as well as your smartphone. This means you can access it anytime, anywhere and at a price that works for you. We currently have programs using Lillio on Android, and iOS (Apple).
What tablets do you recommend?
You can see our list of recommended tablets here! Please note, we do not support Amazon Fire tablets of any sort.
Are my staff going to spend more time on Lillio and less time with the children?
In our extensive research, this was a common concern, which is why we designed the solution to be very quick for use in the child care environment. Child care and early learning programs that use Lillio tell us over and over again how much time they save using Lillio. They tell us it is unequivocally faster, allowing them to spend more time with the children in their programs. Still not convinced?
See what Directors and Early Childhood Educators say about Lillio
.
Can you import my data from another system that we use?
Yes. If you’re using administrative software, we can import your data into Lillio. Just ask one of our Community Advisors about this.
As a director or supervisor, can I see what my staff are doing on Lillio?
Yes. You can access all of your classrooms from any device to see what is happening in real-time.
We have multiple sites. Can I see what’s happening across all my locations?
Yes. Lillio is designed to be used on a regional and national level, so that central operations directors can stay abreast of activities across multiple locations with a single login.
Will Lillio replace the paper daily sheets I provide to my parents?
Yes. For your younger age groups you can record activities such as sleep times, fluid and food intake, toileting and diapering, all of which will be summarized in a daily report for parents.
Can I document developmental observations for my emergent curriculum programs?
Yes. Lillio contains learning domains, skills and indicators that you can quickly and easily associate with a developmental observation made with a photo or video. For example, we have Montessori programs that use proprietary Montessori frameworks and many of our programs in Ontario use the ELECT / OELF Continuum of Development. The framework is customizable to fit the needs of your program.
Where is data stored and is it secure?
Lillio data is stored on Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud infrastructure. It is one of the most secure cloud computing environments available with highly secure data centers utilizing state-of the art electronic surveillance and access control systems, including 24x7 trained security guard protection. It is suited to run sensitive government applications and is used by over 300 U.S. government agencies, as well as the Navy, Treasury and NASA. For more information on Lillio's commitment to
Internet Safety
, visit our page dedicated to this important topic.
Is the Lillio website secure?
Lillio has a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate. SSL is the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the Lillio server and our customer’s browsers remain private and integral. SSL is an industry standard for securing online transactions so is used by online banking and payments sites and, similarly, is used by Lillio to encrypt our customer’s data transfers containing children’s information. For more information on Lillio's commitment to
Internet Safety
, visit our page dedicated to this important topic.
Who has access to my data and is it private?
Lillio takes privacy very seriously. All photos and videos of a child are posted only to the accounts of the parents or guardians of the child. No one else can access this information without express consent being provided by the parents or guardians. All account passwords are encrypted for additional security. For further information, please see our
privacy policy
.
Is my information backed up?
Yes, all of your information is automatically backed up on a daily basis.
What happens to a child’s information if they leave or graduate from our programs?
The child will become inactive, however, you will still be able to access their profile and all of the associated records and reports.
How is Lillio different from webcams?
Some of the many ways in which Lillio is different from webcams is that information provided to parents is specific to their child, you control the information provided to parents to educate them as opposed to simply observing, it makes existing documentation practices more efficient, and it provides you with digital records to replace paper records. Read this blog post on
child care webcams
to learn more.
How do I subscribe to Lillio?
Fill out the
demo form
and we’ll get in touch with you to get you started!
Parent Login
My child care provider just added me, what do I do next?
Once your daycare adds you on HiMama, you'll receive a Welcome email from us with instructions to create your HiMama account. If you've already received a Welcome email, click the link in the email to set up your login!
Missing your Welcome email? Do the following:
Check your inbox for an email from HiMama. (Don't forget to check your spam/junk folder!)
Can't find your Welcome email?
Go here
, select option one "I am already receiving emails and/or childcare reports from HiMama". We'll send you a new invitation!
Not in our system? Contact your center and verify that they've entered the correct email without typos.
If after confirming your address with your center you still haven't received a Welcome email, have your center reach out to us with your email address to diagnose the issue. Due to privacy restrictions we cannot add anybody to a child's profile.
I can’t log into my account.
If at any point you’re unable to log into your account, go here to reset your password:
Reset password »
How do I change the email address that I get updates to from my child’s daycare provider?
Log into HiMama using your existing email. In the top right corner, select your name to access the drop-down menu, then select ‘My Settings’ to enter and confirm your preferred email address.
Parent Usage
What app should I be using?
You can download HiMama from the
App Store (for iOS)
or
Google Play (for Android)
. You can also use our web application straight from your desktop by visiting our
Login
page.
How can I send my child care provider a message?
Open up your HiMama app and look for the envelope icon.
Can I add to my child’s journal without sharing with my daycare?
Yes! When in the app, simply select the plus icon. Choose if you’d like to share with Crew (more on Crew below) but unchecking “Private”.
Why can’t I see nap and meal information in real time like I can with other updates?
We provide child care centers with the option to hide sleep and food information until the report is finalized at the end of the day. These updates can contain sensitive information, and this provides an opportunity for the teachers to confirm they haven’t entered any inaccurate information to parents. If you’d like access to real-time naps and meals data, please discuss your preference for seeing this information in real-time with your child care center.
What does it mean when the day’s report says it’s “not finalized”?
While the daily report is a work in progress, educators have the ability to edit the report’s contents as needed to best reflect what’s going on throughout the day. This means that until the end of the school day, once the educator has a chance to fully review the reports, report information is subject to change and therefore not finalized. If you’re finding that reports are still not finalized even after the end of the school day, please reach out to your center to discuss how teachers may be missing the final step of sending (and therefore finalizing) the report.
How do I download my child’s photos from HiMama?
Android & IOS Apps
From the photo journal, tap on an image to expand it. Tap the “Download” button.
Web Portal
After logging in, head to the “Entries” list for your child (from a child’s photo journal, select the list icon in the top-left. Once on that page, you’ll see a download icon next to each photo. Selecting this icon will start an image download, or open the photo for you to save manually (right click and select “Save as…”).
Please note; you cannot currently download more than one photo at a time.
How do I download videos from HiMama?
Web Portal
Within the web portal you can download the video in two ways: (1) From the journal, press to play the video. Tap on the three-dot menu icon and you should see the option to “Download”. (2) After logging in, head to the “Entries” list for your child (from a child’s photo journal, select the list icon in the top-left. Once on that page, you’ll see a download icon next to each photo. Selecting this icon will start an image download, or open the photo for you to save manually (right click and select “Save as…”).
The Crew
What’s the “Crew”?
The Crew is the close group of friends and family that you want to share updates with. This might include grandparents, aunts and uncles, or close friends, and might include those that aren’t living close enough to see your child as much as they’d like.
Note that the Crew can also share activities of your child by posting to their HiMama account, but only if you approve what they’ve shared with you or given them auto-post privileges.
How do I add or remove people from the Crew?
Open the app and head to the Crew page. Start adding! Each person you add will automatically receive an email from us inviting them to join HiMama and participate in activity sharing of your child.
To remove a Crew member, simply select Edit for the member, check the “Remove User” box at the bottom of the page and hit submit.
Do I have to share everything with the Crew?
Nope. Some moments just aren’t meant to be shared with everyone. Maybe you want to keep a very special moment just between you and your spouse, or maybe you want to keep a log of your child’s medical-related activities. Just mark these as ‘Private’ and only Crew Members with special privileges that you set will be allowed to see these.
Who can add and remove people from the Crew?
Only Administrators can add family and friends to a child’s Crew. If you want to know who’s an Administrator of your child’s account, visit their Crew page.
What does it mean when I make an activity “Private”?
When an activity is marked as “Private” only those members of the Crew that you have given “Access Level: All photos” to will be able to see these activities by default. They will be identified on your child’s Journal with a lock icon.
Privacy
Where is data stored and is it secure?
Lillio data is stored on Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud infrastructure. It is one of the most secure cloud computing environments available with highly secure data centers utilizing state-of the art electronic surveillance and access control systems, including 24x7 trained security guard protection. It is suited to run sensitive government applications and is used by over 300 U.S. government agencies, as well as the Navy, Treasury and NASA. For more information on Lillio's commitment to
Internet Safety
, visit our page dedicated to this important topic.
Is the Lillio website secure?
Lillio has a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate. SSL is the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the Lillio server and our customer’s browsers remain private and integral. SSL is an industry standard for securing online transactions so is used by online banking and payments sites and, similarly, is used by Lillio to encrypt our customer’s data transfers containing children’s information. For more information on Lillio's commitment to
Internet Safety
, visit our page dedicated to this important topic.
Who has access to my data and is it private?
Lillio takes privacy very seriously. All photos and videos of a child are posted only to the accounts of the parents or guardians of the child. No one else can access this information without express consent being provided by the parents or guardians. All account passwords are encrypted for additional security. For further information, please see our
privacy policy
.
Who can see my photos and videos?
Photos and videos you add to the Journal are visible only to your child’s Crew. If you mark an activity as ‘Private’, only those members of the Crew that you have given privileges to will be able to see these activities. They are identified on the Journal with a lock icon. We take privacy seriously and will never share any photos or make them public without your explicit consent.
Who can see entries when I make them public?
When you mark an entry as “public”, that makes it available for your all of your child’s Crew members to view. As opposed to private activities, which can only be viewed by Crew members with private access.
How do I get an answer to a question that’s not on this FAQ page?
Good question! Just email us at
support@himama.com
.
Childcare Centers
Parent Login
Parent Usage
The Crew
Privacy
Want to Learn More About the Lillio App?
Why not let our specialists show you everything about our childcare app in just 15 minutes online? Learn about all the tools you need to grow your centre.
Request a demo
Follow Us
Instagram
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube
Solutions
Owners & Directors
Parents
Educators
Enterprise
Home Daycare
Resources
Download
Customer Stories
Frameworks
Associations
Free Templates
Company
Lillio Helps Webinar
Preschool Podcast
ECE Blog
About Us
Careers
Press
Accessibility
Support
Internet Safety
FAQ
Contact Us
Support Center
Vulnerability Reporting
Sitemap
Accessibility
Contact Sales
Toll Free
North America
1-800-905-1876
Direct Support Line
1-844-975-1275
Request A Call
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms
Copyright ©2013-2026 Lillio.
Cookie preferences