Trust, Security and Compliance | Procare
Skip to content
Procare and Playground Joining Forces To Drive Continued Innovation In Child Care Management Solutions
Learn more here
Solutions
Child Care Centers
Head Start Grantees
Before and After School Programs
Youth Organizations
Capabilities
Child Care Management Software
Family Engagement
Payment Processing
RoomRunner
Classroom Management
Head Start Management Software
Early Childhood Learning
Professional Development
Child Care App
ChildPlus Training
Third Party Integrations
Pricing
Support
Procare Support
ChildPlus Support
Resources
Blog
eBooks, Case Studies & More
Webinars
Podcast
State Funding, Programs and Resources
Trust and Security
Search for:
(800) 338-3884
Login
Request A Demo
Procare Solutions
Trust and Security
We empower over 40,000 child care centers around the country to simplify child care operations and create meaningful connections with families by providing technology, expertise and unparalleled service —
ensuring your trust remains the foundation of our mission.​
Rest assured that we adhere to strict security measures and compliance protocols, upholding the utmost protection of your data. Our SOC 2 Type 2 compliance rating ensures that families, centers and schools can be confident that data and privacy is protected. Read more about our security and compliance practices.
Security
We maintain security controls and best practices to keep your information confidential and our systems available.​
LEARN MORE
Privacy
We believe your data is exactly that — yours. Privacy laws continue to evolve, but handling of your data remains the same.
LEARN MORE
Compliance
Our products regularly undergo rigorous independent third-party audits and are SOC 2 Type II and PCI Level 1 certified.​
LEARN MORE
Free eBook
Child Care Data Security: How Procare Protects Families and Your Business
Download Now
Why Procare
Proven in Child Care
For over 30 years, child care center owners have looked to Procare to provide real-time information for making critical decisions, maintaining compliance with local and state regulations and adhering to business best practices.
End-to-End Capabilities
Procare saves you time and money by streamlining core administrative functions while raising the bar for the parent experience with professional communications, easy-to-access portals and the opportunity for real-time updates.  Procare can be configured to meet every need. We even make it easy to connect to other specialty systems such as payroll to make Procare the one-stop hub for everything you need to successfully run your center.
Equipped for Any Center
Priced and sized right, Procare meets all your single center needs at an affordable price. We handle the business administration so you can focus on what matters most – better outcomes for the children in your care. No contracts, no set-up fees, no per-child charges – just one price for all the capabilities you need to run your center or school.
Designed Specifically for Child Care Professionals
Procare understands the importance of your role in managing a center, daycare or school. Tracking child attendance, having easy access to family information, handling schedules, keeping records, communicating with parents, billing and processing payments are administrative tasks that we do for you so you can spend more time educating children.
ZERO
contracts, set-up fees, per-child charges and more!
10M+
child care mobile app downloads
Over 70%
of North America’s largest for-profit child care organizations use Procare
40,000+
centers and schools trust Procare
How Does Procare Compare?
With over 30 years serving child care businesses, Procare stands out in the child care billing and tuition processing field.
ALL-IN-ONE
PRICE
100% DIGITAL CURRICULUM
INTEGRATED PAYMENTS
LIVE CUSTOMER SUPPORT!
See For Yourself
Learn more about how Procare compares to other solutions in the market.
vs BrightWheel
vs Lillio
Request a Demo
Talk with a friendly Procare expert to get a tailored child care solution for the unique needs of your business.
Request a Demo
Stay up to date on child care industry trends with Procare!
Sign up to get the latest child care industry news, trends and best practices delivered directly to your inbox.
Solutions
Child Care Centers
Head Start Grantees
Before & After School Programs
Early Childhood Education
Franchises
In-Home Daycare
Multi-Centers
School Districts
Summer & Youth Camps
YMCA-YWCA
Shared Services
Capabilities
Child Care Management Software
Head Start Management Software
ChildPlus Training
Child Care App
RoomRunner
Attendance Tracking
Business Insights & Reporting
Child Care Center Hardware
Classroom Management
Early Childhood Learning
Curriculum
Family Engagement
Financial Management
Integrated Tuition Processing
Meal Planning
Multi-Center Management
Staff Management
Partners
Checkr
Gusto
IntelliKid Systems
Learning Beyond Paper
Listen360
Quickbooks
KidKare by Minute Menu
About Us
Careers
Leadership
Press Room
Who is Tucker?
Why Procare
Giving Back
Trust and Security
Accessibility Statement
Quick Links
Contact
Login Portal
Procare Support
ChildPlus Support
Podcast
Refer Procare
Request a Demo
Resource Center
State Funding, Programs and Resources
2026 Child Care Industry Trends
Sitemap
System Status
Privacy Policy
|
Terms of Use
|
Your Privacy Choices
© Copyright 2026 Procare Software, LLC. All rights reserved. | 1125 17th St., Ste 1800, Denver, CO 80202 | (800) 338-3884
Procare Software is a registered ISO of PNC Bank, N.A., Pittsburgh, PA