Internet Safety | Lillio
Solutions
Center management
Simplify center operations and streamline managing and growing a quality early childhood program.
Curriculum
Get ready-to-use, developmentally appropriate lesson plans aligned to standards across North America.
Family engagement
Connect with parents and keep them informed about their child's day!
Billing & payments
Make billing easy and stop chasing parents for payments.
Professional development
Research-based online professional development courses for educators.
Users
Owners and directors
Everything you need to build a high-quality program, all in one place.
Educators
More meaningful interactions with children and families.
Families
Get updates about your child’s day and pay tuition from anywhere.
Resources
Lillio Webinars
Join us for interactive live webinars.
Lillio Activities
Explore preschool and daycare activities your classroom will love!
Customer Stories
Learn how our customers are growing their centers with Lillio.
Early Learning Blog
Find articles for ECE tips, tricks and best practices.
Industry Snapshot Report
E-books
Preschool Podcast
Printable Templates
How to Start a Daycare
See All Resources ➜
About
About Lillio (formerly HiMama)
Learn about what makes Lillio special.
Careers
Accelerate your career while making a difference! Browse our open roles.
Contact Us
Get in touch with our team. We’d love to hear from you.
Press
Want to share the HiMama story? Find our press kit here.
Download
Find our app in the App Store and Google Play Store
Support Center
Looking for support? We have hundreds of articles to help you out!
Pricing
Log In
Request a Demo
Skip to Content
Internet Safety
Internet safety, also known as online safety or cyber safety, is a wide-ranging topic about risks associated with the Internet. It might include, for example, cyberbullying, exposure to inappropriate material, online predators, release of private information and computer crime.
Why Internet Safety Matters
The Internet is a powerful and wonderful resource, used by both children and adults, that has changed the way we live on a global scale. While risks associated with using the Internet are manageable, it is important to educate yourself on what those risks are and what you can do to mitigate those risks. Specifically, by reading this section of our website on Internet safety, you’ll be helping us to make Lillio a safe and enjoyable experience for everyone.
Lillio’s Commitment to Internet Safety
Lillio is a tool for childcare and early learning programs, as well as parents, to record and share children’s activities. As a result, we take the safety, security and privacy of all information very seriously. We are committed to having the latest security systems in place to protect this information, as well as policies that respect the privacy of all of our users.
Website security
All information on Lillio is stored behind an encrypted password, both for our childcare and early learning programs, as well as parents. Only those with authorization are able to access Lillio. The website also has a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate. SSL is the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the Lillio server and your browser remains private. SSL is an industry standard for securing online transactions so is used by online banking and payments sites and, similarly, is used by Lillio to encrypt data transfers containing children's information.
Server security
Information on Lillio is stored on Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud infrastructure. It is one of the most secure cloud computing environments available with highly secure data centers utilizing state-of the art electronic surveillance and access control systems, including 24x7 trained security guard protection. It is suited to run sensitive government applications and is used by over 300 U.S. government agencies, as well as the Navy, Treasury and NASA.
Database security
Lillio’s database complies with the most stringent security requirements. As part of our first-rate services, all data is stored encryption-at-rest. Data at rest refers to inactive data stored physically in any digital form, for example, information on your laptop is considered data at rest. Encrypting data at rest means that in the exceedingly unlikely event of a physical breach of underlying infrastructure, your data would remain safe and secure.
Access to information
Access to a child’s information through Lillio is provided only to the child’s primary guardians by their childcare or early learning program. Once primary guardians have access to Lillio it is at their sole discretion to share their child’s information with other family and relatives if they choose to do so. This access can also be revoked at any time at the discretion of the primary guardians.
Privacy of information
Lillio does not own any personal information about your child that is stored on our server, including any photos or videos. Lillio has no license to use any of your content covered by intellectual property rights, including photos and videos. Personal information on Lillio is never shared with any third party as per our
Privacy Policy
. It will never be used for marketing or advertising purposes without express written consent.
Guide for Parents using Lillio
While Lillio is a secure system, people without appropriate Internet safety knowledge can make it less secure. As a parent or family member invited to use Lillio it is important that you understand the basics about keeping information safe and private on Lillio.
Setting your password
To prevent unauthorized access to your Lillio account, it is important to set a strong password. A strong password is at least twelve characters long, does not contain your name or your child’s name, and contains uppercase letters, lowercase letters and numbers. It is also good practice to use a different password from other accounts you have and to change your password regularly. If you must write down your password, keep it in a secure, locked place.
Sharing within Lillio
Lillio allows you to share your child’s activities with close family, relatives and friends, also known as your child's
Crew
. It is a great way to keep them in the loop on your child’s special moments and memories. You should never invite someone you do not know and trust into your child's
Crew
as it is intended only for close family and friends.
Setting sharing permissions
Lillio has various permissions in place for each person invited to share in a child’s activities. These permissions are in place to maintain the right balance of information sharing. An
Owner
on a child’s account allows for full access so should be reserved for primary guardians.
Private
access will allow the individual to see all activities posted to a child’s account, including activities posted by a childcare or early learning program, which are marked private by default. This access should be reserved for your very closest family members only.
Sharing outside Lillio
Lillio provides parents with the ability to share their child’s activities through a closed, private and secure network of family, relatives and friends. It is recommended that you do not share your child’s information beyond this small and private network known as your child’s
Crew
. When it comes to your own children it is your choice what to share outside of Lillio. However, please keep in mind that young children cannot make their own decisions about what is published about them online through more open social networks. As a primary guardian you are responsible for making these decisions in your child’s best interest.
Inappropriate content
We have a zero tolerance policy for any objectionable material posted on Lillio. If someone has posted content to your child’s account that you feel is inappropriate in any way, please report this immediately using our report suspicious activity flags or by contacting us.
Suspicious activity
Lillio will never request your password via email in any circumstance. If you think someone is acting suspiciously, or requesting information you feel uncomfortable sharing, please report them immediately.
Helpful Links About Internet Safety
If you're interested in reading more about Internet safety, we encourage you to check out some of the great resources available to you through the websites below
Australia
https://www.esafety.gov.au/
https://www.cyber.gov.au/
Canada
https://www.getcybersafe.gc.ca/en
https://www.rcmp-grc.gc.ca/is-si/index-eng.htm
United Kingdom
https://saferinternet.org.uk/
https://www.childnet.com/
https://www.missingkids.org/NetSmartz
https://staysafeonline.org/
Have any question or concerns?
The privacy and safety of your child’s information is of utmost concern to us at Lillio. If you have any questions at all about the information provided here, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Contact Us
Follow Us
Instagram
LinkedIn
Facebook
YouTube
Solutions
Owners & Directors
Parents
Educators
Enterprise
Home Daycare
Resources
Download
Customer Stories
Frameworks
Associations
Free Templates
Company
Lillio Helps Webinar
Preschool Podcast
ECE Blog
About Us
Careers
Press
Accessibility
Support
Internet Safety
FAQ
Contact Us
Support Center
Vulnerability Reporting
Sitemap
Accessibility
Contact Sales
Toll Free
North America
1-800-905-1876
Direct Support Line
1-844-975-1275
Request A Call
Home
Privacy Policy
Terms
Copyright ©2013-2026 Lillio.
Cookie preferences